2678 - Fix scrollable content behind modal (#2860)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Listview]` Fixed an issue where empty message would not be centered if the listview in a flex container. ([#2716](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2716))
- `[Mask]` Added an example showing how to user percent format with the locale. ([#434](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/434))
- `[Modal]` Fixed an issue where encoded html would not be recoded on the title. ([#246](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/246))

> - `[Modal]` Fixed an issue where the content behind was still scrollable while modal window open with IOS devices. ([#2678](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2678))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Modal]` Fixed an issue where the page content behind the modal is still scrollable while the modal window is open on iOS devices. ([#2678](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2678))
```
